cloud: add cloud release notes for release-20260616 (#23089)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/releases/tidb-cloud-release-notes.md

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2026.

## June 16, 2026

**General changes**

- Add domain verification for [Cloud Organization SSO](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-org-sso-authentication.md).

>     In the following scenarios, the **Allowed Email Domains** field is required. To improve security, you must verify domains before adding them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In the following scenarios, the **Allowed Email Domains** field is required. To improve security, you must verify domains before entering them in this field:
```

>     In the following scenarios, the **Allowed Email Domains** field is mandatory, and you must verify domains before entering them to improve security.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    In the following scenarios, the **Allowed Email Domains** field is required. To improve security, you must verify domains before adding them:
```

    - Enable auto-provisioning for the OIDC or SAML authentication method

>     - Enable SCIM provisioning for the SAML authentication method

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Enabling auto-provisioning for the OIDC or SAML authentication method
    - Enabling SCIM provisioning for the SAML authentication method
```
